---
date: 2021-03-28
title: Growth over the Past Year
tags: ['notes']
private: true
---

I was tagged into a conversation over on James Q Quick's Discord about
growth over the last year and it wasn't until I sat down to write
about it that I realised I've done quite a bit over the last 12 months
now.

I've not been as dedicated as a lot of the people on here, most of my
content is written and supplemented with video content if needed.

I've made a load of cool new friends tarting on the live stream tip
with you @James Q Quick#5468 and talking about MDX, I also helped out
with @bradgarropy#9164 on his site with MDX too

I started Whiskey Wednesday with Marc, spoke to a load of cool people
on there

I documented my streaming setup so others could get started themselves

I did a load of work with Windows Subsystem for Linux, documented a
load of stuff relating to that

I built my first PC as well, as my Surface clone couldn't hack it
anymore

Made posts on ZSH and how I switched from Fish to ZSH which is now my
default shell, got a retweet from Robby Russel for that!

I started a newsletter, which by the way I should have done years ago!
and the Wes Bos React Advanced Courses giveaway really helped with
that!

I'd say growth wise if you're looking purely at numbers it's been
pretty steady for me and I'm more about the long tail when it comes to
that sort of thing.

I've become a bit obsessive about note taking and made the front page
of hacker news talking about Foam, I now use Dendron for my note
taking

I still have really popular posts from the start of 2020 still making
numbers as well making a table of contents in Gatsby, getting started
with Chakra and globally styling the Gatsby default stater with
styled-components

Think this is now a blog post for me too now!! copy paste this into my
new site for a bit more work on I think!! New site is using Toast
:fire::fire:

Oh, spoken at a couple of conferences and meetups

Doing a workshop on Wednesday at a conference for Gatsby and MDX
